Have you ever been exposed to high luxury?
Dare to bark here
Madam President's condition has improved
If it is a high imitation, you will know if it is identified.
Do you dare? Oh, right.
I heard that Nangong Group will hold a charity dinner recently
I believe that Eun always has the ability
Let us poor ghosts believe it when we see it
I heard that this dinner party is all night street bosses
Can we really go?
Miss An is the CEO of Nangong Group
But I'm not simple
Damn Song Nianyi
Yingying ah oops
It's all your fault
It must be because you are a lowly nanny
That's why Brother Ye doesn't like me
Yingying, you want to steal Nangong's luxury car
Mom helped you
Mom was fired by the Nangong family because of this
But Young Master Nangong, we really can't afford it.
Listen to your mother tell you
Let's not think about the rich or not
We just need to find an ordinary person to live
Mom, this young man is pretty good
Mom, shut up
Do you want me to be like you?
Be a lowly nanny for the rest of your life?
And the original sounding shoes
I didn't even settle the score with him
scram
How was the situation in the middle of the night?
The doctor said there was blood in the CEO's head
Just spread it out
When can we expect to see it?
The doctor said in about three days
Then I won't be able to attend the charity dinner.
How's the investigation on the car accident?
Surrounding surveillance has been sabotaged
Auntie, who are you offending?
The tree attracts the wind
Nangong Group has developed too fast in the past millennium
be jealous
The president has encountered a lot of intentional injuries to him this year
I'm afraid you're worried and didn't let us tell you.
Fortunately, the president specially distributed it.
If something happens to him, you are the head of the group
aunt
I will definitely guard the Nangong Group for you